= FMyLife

* http://www.carboni.ca/

== DESCRIPTION:

This gem allows the user to access the fmylife.com API, which includes
reading stories, reading comments, moderating stories that are submitted,
submitting stories, submitting comments, and searching for stories.

In addition, this gem lets you swap in and out which XML parser you use.
Since not everyone can take advantage of compiled xml parsers,
the typically built-in REXML library is available as well.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Full access to the fmylife.com API, including reading and submitting
  stories and submissions
* Swap out which XML parser you want to use:
  * libxml-ruby
  * hpricot
  * nokogiri
  * REXML

== SYNOPSIS:

The following code will connect with your API key, authenticate as a user,
grab a page of the latest stories and then download all the comments for the
very latest story. Then, it will print the names of each comment's author.

   acc = FMyLife::Account.new("yourapikey")
   acc.authenticate(username,password)
   latest = acc.latest.first # get the latest story
   acc.story(latest) # pull comments
   acc.comments.each do |comm|
       puts comm.author
   end

More interestingly, we should be able to submit stories!

   story = FMyLife::Story.new(:text => "my life sucks. FML", 
                              :author => "Anonymous", 
                              :category => :love)

See the individual docs for more examples.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* none, though one of the following is recommended: 
  * hpricot 
  * nokogiri
  * libxml-ruby 

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install fmylife

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Michael J. Edgar

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
